tO DO VERSOION 	2.2
Pre-scan with position and use previous grid-point to set the position
select active sites
rotate grid according to rotated image.

To do for FCS:
make small macro to peform all task starting from lsm image. Also save position and tif file


To do for version 2.1 

Major: All functions need to be updated as autofocus Button. Z movement is done at the end of the imaging protocol

Major bug: Password protection does not work

Bug?: Find good positions in grid scan has not been checked and requires further test (probably in workflow manager)

Feature: mirror of axes

Feature: Update also the menu when the values are updated for the acquisition setup
	
Feature: Check that AF is done correctly. This was done in version 1.7 has been removed and should be reimplemented at a certain point (CheckRe

Feature: Faster Mass calculation. Now it takes ages (what it should not)

Feature: Higheres tracking

Feature: Subpositions are recreated at each main position. This does not allow to track good bad cells in different wells.


Minor Feature: Update GUI when changed setting (the update only occurs when recording starts)
		how to check that ZEN.GUI is present?

Major: Manual should be put up to date edited to explain better zoom-1 piezo, inactivated (?). These are all not very clear.
       Explain how to start the macro with an example image

FEature: ImageJ automatic Create a MAximal projection

----------------------------------------

Done:

Major bug: Z-spacing without piezo for dz larger than a maximal size gave wrong results. The z-spacing was wrong with respect to the size that one wanted to span.
	- solved by implementing an extra check in the autofocus routine and changing the pixeldwell time accordingly


Minor: Clean up the code for unused stuff
	- vastly done


Bug?: Change the z-scan parameters within an acquisition. Is this possible.
	-This works 

Major bug: autofocus on ScanFrame moves also x-y position (on Five-live ZEN2009)
	- in principle the macro works you just need to set properly how x and y are mirrored on the different microscopes

Feature: Ask if overwriting images after Save. This should be done either for one or all the images (ask only once) 
	 Number files always with location. This keeps the overall structure the same. Add number of location
	- Done


Feature: Multiposition ZEN position soll mit position number one start when stopped
	- Done: when using multiposition or grid system always returns to point one


Feature: Speed of AF can't be set independently. Revert to similar setting as in version 1.7 where you have separate speed setting for the AF. 
	Alternatively max speed should be set everything to highest speed. 
	- Speed is now maximal for AF and independent of acquisition settings

Minor bug: Sometime does not return to orginal setting. These get then lost.
	- Failsafe recovery of settings